search: add site configuration for maxTimeout (#13448)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - The site configuration `search.limits`. This allows configuring the maximum timeout (defaults to 1 minute). Also allows configuring the maximum repositories to search in different scenarios. [#13448](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/13448)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The site configuration `search.limits.maxTimeoutSeconds`. This allows configuring the maximum timeout (defaults to 1 minute). [#13448](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/13448)
```

Reviewer: Looks like `search.limits` already exists, right?

Author: It is added a PR which this one depends on. So new in 3.20. https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/13439
